OSDOCS-16934 NODES-6 CQA Part 3 (#115020)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-plugins-install.adoc

----
Name:         00-worker
Namespace:
Labels:       machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role=worker
----
+

> `machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role=worker` is the label required for the Device Manager.

Reviewer: Hmmm, I think since in the YAML below the full label (with `/role=worker`) isn't used, maybe it would be safer to mention either the `Labels` part or just the first snippet instead, like this:

```suggestion
`Labels` specifies the label required for the Device Manager.
```

```suggestion
`machineconfiguration.openshift.io` is the label required for the Device Manager.
```

> .Procedure

Reviewer: I have no idea why there are steps above this title here, but I would recommend moving this .Procedure to be above the steps on line 16 and call it a day
